Create PR merge commit instead of relying on GitHub (#81)
measurement-factory/anubis: README.md

Anubis assembles the staging git commit (and, hence, in case of a successful
PR merge, the target branch commit) from the following parts:

> * `tree`: The git tree object from the PR merge commit.

Reviewer: That phrasing feels wrong/misleading because "PR merge commit" may mean "GitHub-maintained PR merge branch commit", and we are _not_ using that.

```suggestion
* `tree`: The git tree object from the last commit on the bot-maintained `bot_merge_branch`.
```

I know that you [rejected](https://github.com/measurement-factory/anubis/pull/81/changes#r3543783139) the above wording earlier, but I cannot guess why.

I am thinking that we can keep definitions on this list short and explain details where we define `bot_merge_branch`.

Author: Adjusted with 'bot' and 'GitHub' prefixes.

*staged_run*| A boolean option to enable staging-only mode where the bot performs all the merging steps up to (but not including) the target branch update. Eligible PRs are merged into and tested on the staging branch but are never merged into their target branches. Staging-only mode prevents any target branch modifications by the bot. TODO: Check that the PR target branch is not the configured staging branch, setting `M-failed-other` if needed. | false
*guarded_run*| Enables staging-only mode (see `config::staged_run`) for PRs without a `M-cleared-for-merge` label. Has no effect on PRs with that label. While `config::staged_run` blocks target branch modifications, this option allows them for a human-designated subset of PRs. | false
*staging_branch* | The name of the bot-maintained git branch used for testing PR changes as if they were merged into their target branch. | auto

> *bot_merge_branch* | The name of the bot-maintained git branch that is very similar to GitHub-maintained PR merge branch. GitHub no longer updates its PR merge branches (i.e. refs/pull/PULL_REQUEST_NUMBER/merge references) in some important use cases, so Anubis uses its own branch (with a configurable name) instead. The last commit on Anubis bot_merge_branch (PR merge commit) is the result of merging PR branch into PR target branch, as a regular git merge command would do. Anubis uses the code tree from that last commit when creating a squashed commit on the staging_branch. The primary difference between the two branches is that staging_branch ends in a squashed (i.e. single-parent) commit rather than a regular two-parent merge commit; after both branches are updated, a git diff staging_branch..bot_merge_branch command produces no output because both branches contain the same code tree. | auto__

Reviewer: Please use `backtics` for `refs/pull/PULL_REQUEST_NUMBER/merge`, `bot_merge_branch`, `staging_branch`, and `git diff staging_branch..bot_merge_branch`.

Author: Done.

*staged_run*| A boolean option to enable staging-only mode where the bot performs all the merging steps up to (but not including) the target branch update. Eligible PRs are merged into and tested on the staging branch but are never merged into their target branches. Staging-only mode prevents any target branch modifications by the bot. TODO: Check that the PR target branch is not the configured staging branch, setting `M-failed-other` if needed. | false
*guarded_run*| Enables staging-only mode (see `config::staged_run`) for PRs without a `M-cleared-for-merge` label. Has no effect on PRs with that label. While `config::staged_run` blocks target branch modifications, this option allows them for a human-designated subset of PRs. | false

> *staging_branch* | The name of the bot-maintained git branch used for testing PR changes as if they were merged into their target branch. | auto

Reviewer: ```md
* `tree`: The git tree object of the PR [merge
  commit](https://developer.github.com/v3/pulls/#get-a-single-pull-request)
  created by GitHub.
```

Please update the above text (located elsewhere in this README file) to say something like

```md
* `tree`: The git tree object from the last commit on the bot-maintained `bot_merge_branch`.
```

Author: Applied with a minor adjustment.

> *merge_branch* | The name of the bot-maintained git branch used for keeping the result of merging the PR branch into the base branch. | auto__

Reviewer: `staging_branch` description and a lot of other README.md places use "target branch" terminology. There is only one other "base branch" usage AFAICT. Let's continue to use "target" in this PR (and then possibly followup with another dedicated PR to replace "target" with "base" if "base" is a better term).

Let's rename `merge_branch` configuration option to `bot_merge_branch` to highlight the difference from GitHub-maintained merge branches.

I would also like to change the proposed description of `bot_merge_branch` to the following or similar text:

The name of the bot-maintained git branch that is very similar to GitHub-maintained [PR merge
  branch](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#pull-request-refs-and-merge-branches). GitHub no longer updates its PR merge branches (i.e. `refs/pull/PULL_REQUEST_NUMBER/merge` references) in some important use cases, so Anubis uses its own branch (with a configurable name) instead. The last commit on Anubis `merge_branch` is the result of merging PR branch into PR target branch, as a regular `git merge` command would do. Anubis uses the _code tree_ from that last commit when creating a squashed commit on the `staging_branch`. The primary difference between the two branches is that `staging_branch` ends in a squashed (i.e. single-parent) commit rather than a regular two-parent merge commit; after both branches are updated, a `git diff staging_branch..bot_merge_branch` command produces no output because both branches contain the same code tree.

Author: Applied with a minor adjustment.
